DataGrid: add a note to 'height'/'width' descriptions (#4824)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/height.md

#include uiwidgets-ref-height

> [note] DataGrid does not support the `transform: scale` CSS rule. Specify height and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#width) in percents instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] DataGrid does not support the `transform: scale` CSS rule. Specify height and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#width) as a percentage instead.
```
